# JavaFX-Fridge
 
## Objectives: 

The aim of the project is to create an application to maintain a collection of groceries stored in a fridge using JavaFX and JDBC for data persistence.

The groceries and a list of items are stored in a MySQL database. The system consists of the following main classes:
- Grocery
- Item
- FridgeDSC 
- FridgeFX

The Grocery class represents a grocery item bought and stored in your fridge. The complete class code is provided. As can be seen from the provided code, the class has the following attributes:
- id: the unique identifier of a grocery.
- item: an instance of Item class.
    - Item class, (complete code also provided) has the following attributes
        - name: the name of an item from which you can pick to make a Grocery object  expires: whether or not this item can expire
        - date: the date the grocery item was purchased/added to the fridge.
- quantity: quantity of such grocery item bought/added to the fridge at the same time.
- section: which section of the fridge is the grocery stored.

The id attribute of a grocery is of type int and is actually automatically generated by the database, as can be seen in the SQL script.
The second class, Item, has a one to one mapping with the Grocery class where Grocery class has one (and only one) instance of Item.
The third class, FridgeDSC, is the data source controller. A skeleton of this class is provided.
The fourth class, FridgeFX, provide the graphical user interface for the users to interact with the system.
This classes is implemented in JavaFX. 
